# Introduction to the Lime Video SDK 
## What is the Lime Video SDK
The primary function of the Lime Video SDK [LVSDK] is to support video and MJPEG encoding, decoding and transcoding.

## Major Features
### GPU based coding
The LVSDK supports Intel CPU+GPU based acceleration on Intel CPUs supporting HD Graphics. By using the hardware GPU features encode/decode/transcode can run much faster than it does on the CPU. The SDK utilizes the feature known as Quick Sync quick sync [Wiki Intel Quick Sync Video](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_Quick_Sync_Video)

### CPU based coding
For non-Intel CPUs, and Intel CPUs not supporting HD Graphics, software fallback is available. 

### Transcoding Video 
### Encoding Video
### Decoding Video
### Playing Video




## Future Work

## Getting Started With Samples

# About the Elliott Media SDK {#about}

The main features and functions available from the SDK at this time are:

# Intel Quick Sync GPU Acceleration or CPU fallback
The transcoding, encoding, and decoding engines can use very fast, low-CPU GPU based coding functions when an appropriate CPU is installed. When GPU accelerated coding is not available, CPU coding can take its place.

# Video Transcoding {#about_transcoding}
Transcoding converts compressed bitstreams to compressed bitstreams

Input formats: HEVC, H.265, AVC, H.264, MPEG-2, VP9, VC-1, MVC, JPEG, and MJPEG<br>
Output formats: HEVC, H.265, AVC, H.264, MPEG-2, VP9, VC-1, MVC, JPEG, and MJPEG<br>

# Video Encoding {#about_encoding}
Encoding converts uncompressed frames to compressed bitstreams or elementary streams.

Input formats: RGB3, RGB4, BGR4, BGR3, NV12, I420, IYUV, YUY2, UYVY, YV12, P411, P422<br>
Output formats: HEVC, H.265, AVC, H.264, MPEG-2, VP9, VC-1, MVC, JPEG, and MJPEG<br>

# Video Decoding {#about_decoding}
Decoding converts compressed bitstreams to uncompressed frames.

Input formats: HEVC, H.265, AVC, H.264, MPEG-2, VP9, VC-1, MVC, JPEG, and MJPEG<br>
Output formats: RGB3, RGB4, BGR4, BGR3, NV12, I420, IYUV, YUY2, UYVY, YV12, P411, P422<br>

Some redundant terms have been repeated such as HEVC for H.265 to make help searching easier.



updated 11-15 21.15





## Description
This is a sample docfx documentation project. It contains .NET source code and markdown files.
`docfx.json` is the configuration file for running `docfx`.
`docfx` will generate a static website as similar to [http://docascode.github.io/docfx-seed](http://docascode.github.io/docfx-seed/index.html).

## How to run
### Under Windows
* Download and unzip [docfx.zip](https://github.com/dotnet/docfx/releases/latest) to run `docfx.exe` directly!
* Run `docfx` under current repo! Website will be generated under `_site` folder.
* Run any web hosting tool to host `_site` folder, e.g. `docfx serve _site`.

### Cross platform and use `dnx`
As a prerequisite, you will need to install [DNVM](http://docs.asp.net/en/latest/getting-started/installing-on-windows.html#install-the-net-version-manager-dnvm) and [DNX](http://docs.asp.net/en/latest/getting-started/installing-on-windows.html#install-the-net-execution-environment-dnx).
###Quick Start
* `dnvm upgrade` to get the latest dnvm.
* Add feed https://www.myget.org/F/aspnetrelease/api/v2/ to Nuget.config
  > For Windows, the nuget config file is  **%AppData%\NuGet\NuGet.config**.

  > For Linux/OSX, the nuget config file is **~/.config/NuGet/NuGet.config**.
  ```
* `dnu commands install docfx` to install `docfx` as a command
* Run `docfx` under current repo! Website will be generated under `_site` folder.
* Run any web hosting tool to host `_site` folder, e.g. `docfx serve _site`.

## Further information about `docfx`
`docfx` is a tool to generate documentation towards .NET source code and markdown files. Please refer to [docfx](http://dotnet.github.io/docfx/tutorial/docfx_getting_started.html) to get start. The `docfx` website itself is generated by `docfx`!
